Exercise 1: nslookup
1. Which is the IP address of the Google site ( www.google.com )? 
   In your opinion, what is the reason of having several IP addresses as an output?
A: 216.58.196.142. Google most likely uses multiple connections to the internet to spread the massive loads that
   it has to be able to support. There fore it might have many public ip endpoints registered in the DNS.

2. Find out name of the IP address 127.0.0.1. What is special about this IP address?
A: localhost. This is the loopback address for the local machine. AKA access itself like it was an external device.

Exercise 2: Use ping to test host reachability
Are the following hosts reachable from your machine by using ping?
www.cse.unsw.edu.au:    yes
www.getfittest.com.au:  no, no DNS record
www.mit.edu:            yes
www.intel.com.au:       no, no TLD for the .au domain
www.tpg.com.au:         yes
www.hola.hp:            no, no TLD called .hp
www.amazon.com:         yes
www.tsinghua.edu.cn:    yes
www.kremlin.ru:         no, probably closed port that ping uses
8.8.8.8:                yes

Execise 3: Use traceroute to understand network topology
1. Run traceroute on your machine to www.columbia.edu.
   How many routers are there between your workstation and www.columbia.edu? 
A: 21
   How many routers along the path are part of the UNSW network?
A: 5/6
   Between which two routers do packets cross the Pacific Ocean? 
   Hint: compare the round trip times from your machine to the routers using ping.
A: 9 and 10

2. Run traceroute from your machine to the following destinations:
    (i) www.ucla.edu 
    (ii) www.u-tokyo.ac.jp
    (iii) www.lancaster.ac.uk 

   At which router do the paths from your machine to these three destinations diverge?
   Find out further details about this router.
   HINT: You can find out more about a router by running the whois command: whois router-IP-address. 
A: 7, hosted by aarnet.edu.au. This is own by the academic and research network (which assumably has a direct connections
   to the sea cables redirecting across the oceans).

   Is the number of hops on each path proportional the physical distance? 
   HINT: You can find out geographical location of a server using the following tool - http://www.yougetsignal.com/tools/network-location/
A: No, the US one was the fastest despite being further than Japan.

Exercise 4: Use ping to gain insights into network performance
1. For each of these locations ﬁnd the (approximate) physical distance from UNSW using Google Maps and compute the shortest 
   possible time T for a packet to reach that location from UNSW. You should assume that the packet moves (i.e. propagates) at 
   the speed of light, 3 x 10 8 m/s. Note that the shortest possible time will simply be the distance divided by the propagation 
   speed. Plot a graph where the x-axis represents the distance to each city (i.e. Adelaide Brisbane, Singapore and Berlin), 
   and the y-axis represents the ratio between the minimum delay (i.e. RTT) as measured by the ping program (select the values for 
   50 byte packets) and the shortest possible time T to reach that city from UNSW. (Note that the y-values are no smaller than 2 
   since it takes at least 2*T time for any packet to reach the destination from UNSW and get back). Can you think of at least two reasons 
   why the y-axis values that you plot are greater than 2?
A: 

2. Is the delay to the destinations constant or does it vary over time? Explain why.
A: 

3. The measured delay (i.e., the delay you can see in the graphs) is composed of propagation delay, transmission delay, processing delay and 
   queuing delay. Which of these delays depend on the packet size and which do not?
A: 